### Procedure

There are three tasks in this experiment.
<br>
<br>

**Procedure for MDS Codes:**
*  Choose one of the options from the drop-down and click on <b>Submit</b>.
*  The correctness of the chosen option will be displayed in <b>Observations</b>.
*  If the matrix given is a generator matrix of an MDS code proceed to the next example.  	
*  If the matrix given is not a generator matrix of an MDS code, a message prompting thes election of the linearly dependent columns will be displayed in <b>Observations</b>.		
*  Clicking on a column changes its color to yellow indicating that the column has been selected.
*  To deselect a column, click on it again.
*  Select all the linearly dependent columns and click on <b>Submit</b>.
*  The correctness of the answer is displayed in <b>Observations</b>.
*  <b>Next</b> - Displays the next example.
*  <b>Previous</b> - Displays the previous example.
---
**Procedure for Reed-Solomon Encoding-1:**
*  Typing alpha on the keyboard displays the symbol &alpha;.
*  Expressions like &alpha;<sup>2</sup> can be entered in the field by typing alpha^2 on the keyboard.
*  0, 1, alpha, alpha^2, ...,alpha^14 need to be entered in the fields in this task. Do not enter any other symbols.
*  Enter the values in the fields and click on <b>Submit</b>.
*  The correctness of the entered answer is displayed in <b>Observations</b>. Additionally, the message polynomial is also displayed in <b>Observations</b>.
*  <b>Next</b> - Displays the next example. Solve sufficient number of examples.
								
---
**Procedure for Reed-Solomon Encoding-2:**
*  Typing alpha on the keyboard displays the symbol &alpha;.
*  Expressions like &alpha;<sup>2</sup> can be entered in the field by typing alpha^2 on the keyboard.
*  0, 1, alpha, alpha^2, ...,alpha^14 need to be entered in the fields in this task. Do not enter any other symbols.
*  Enter evaluation points of your choice in the fields and click on <b>Submit</b>.
*  For the entered evaluation points, the corresponding codeword and its 4-tuple representation will be displayed in <b>Observations</b>. 
*  Additionally, a bar code is displayed in the <b>Bar Code</b> section which is generated by mapping 0 in the codeword to a black line followed by white line and 1 in the codeword to a white line followed by a black line.		
---
